# What-makes-whiteboard-animated-Videos-So-popular-
Digital media always has an option for the marketing world, but today we will discuss about “Whiteboard Animation”, Why it’s so popular through the globally. As we discussed earlier about different sources of explainer video, here it is one of the trendy and great explainer video called whiteboard animation. Let’s explore 6 best reason to choose whiteboard animation:  1.Drawing to Communicate  Drawing the character or illustration of character is the integral part of the whiteboard animation. According to research approx. 32,000 years ago ancient people use to draw their conversation, strategies, their plan of living as well food. So basically drawing is the oldest and proven form of the visual communication.  We know many civilization, their lifestyle, their capabilities, their research power etc. but how we got to know about all these, thousand years ago after research we found paintings.  In whiteboard animation we bring life to the imagination, the concept we are looking for, the story, the visualization, the illusion, and the most important communication. With the whiteboard animation viewers always portray their thoughts, they always have curiosity to know the next, people never forget the image what they experience in real-time, in whiteboard animation viewers always feels that they actually with those story and character only because of real time illusion. 2.Story as fairy Tail The drawing itself portray the story. And the story which resembles to our grandmother fairy tales its always awesome. We never forgot those fairy tales which we heard by our grandmother. In whiteboard animation storytelling is always feels like those fairy tales because of step by step visuals always strike the mind. Storytelling is always unique method to share your idea, and whiteboard animation always push your message or ideas behind the story. In whiteboard animation we use verbal and visual storytelling, and studies also proven that people use to retain more through this dual mode of operation. Either it’s a learning or instructional its always be remembered through verbal and visual mode simultaneously. 3.CGI Magic   Computer graphics has the power to turns anything into magical or dream land. Through this CGI option whiteboard drawing can be shaped more fancy and unique that must be fun and entertaining. We can mold our own creation to any shapes though CGI, the graphics designer will do the graphics design and background, character etc. as a fairy land which make you remember your childhood grandmother fairy tale. 4.Color Combination In whiteboard animation there is simple back and white line drawing, but there is always option to use as many as colors, through this combination we can differentiate all the parts and viewers can identify the main character behind the story. As we also have sense of color so beautiful colors always suits and sooth our eye and mind. As like storytelling, when black and white drawing starts its make viewers to think what will be the next step, and as completed and color filled up with the entire background its makes the “wow” effect. So using color is always effective in whiteboard animation as its portray the detailed work. 5.Distribution and Marketing Owing to the flexibility of whiteboard animation and its simplicity; animated explainer videos not only leave an impression on the desired audience but also has the potential to conveniently explain the most complex of ideas. You could be a small scale lemonade stand or a large pharmaceutical company or any other type of business model, whiteboard videos can effectively explain your company to the masses.  Since these videos are simplistic and always under two minutes, a viewer will not be overwhelmed by it and will have the patience to watch it.  6.Entertainment Just because whiteboard videos are simple line drawings, doesn’t mean they can’t be fun! Our team creates the quirkiest illustration to depict your ideas in the most engaging way possible. Accompanied by color for emphasis, soothing tunes for background music and an upbeat narration- all these elements are put together to make your whiteboard animated video the most entertaining marketing tool for your company.  Your viewers, after all the dull videos they have to go through, will enjoy your whiteboard video just because of the entertaining factor.   Our Process: We analyze and summarize whatever the content, and then we mix it up with brain storming ideas to create a final result which reveals the message of your company and products. Visit:   http://animozione.in/explainer-video/
